Ok ok ok ok
Yunyan, how are you?
We met by chance
Why did you suddenly appear to disrupt my life?
He keeps calling me wife
Did I say yes?
King Tianda Xiao Ming
Do I agree?
You are a walk-on
Can you be realistic?
Leave now
Don't appear in my life again
Let's go
Why are you so sad about running around?
Xiaoming, I will bear the responsibility for the equation this time.
Half of Qingcheng Group's shares will be distributed
Since you want to protect him
You put the shares in your hands
Take it all out and give it to the Xiao family
I'll let it go.
You can also work in the group
Anyway, it was sent by someone unknown
Just give it.
Don't trouble Fang Chen again in the future
And my happiness
Don't make decisions for me
Divided, really divided
Why haven't you gone back yet?
I'm afraid you won't be happy.
So I'll wait for you here.
Then why don't you have a drink with me?